Yeah yeah yeah
Stone with infinite power
With seven chaos emeralds
Much meaning and the main many of joy and sadness than in the past to
And now again
Causality goes round
for you
andere
me me
Contains
It Sonic wings joke
Everyone who can not be together in earnest can stand alone
Distance met with the liquid life of not a city
The say is this guy
Apparently dark for one Gacha seems Dr. Eggman is chewing a piece yer
It has come to be white of cheap
Do not fit according to Eggman's desire
dollar
These are hot for aura
I will
Solid Chan'
ana ah ah
I love the bottom
Because I am a mother
One day during the test flight of the people was an island that was used to complete e-mail capability
The power of Ome aldo was too strong and it was fun to attend
But if I helped chocolate, it was Sonic with nothing but me
Sonic who encouraged me when I used to be a kid
I'm putting out curtain emerald off with panic
Because it is my turn to help tonic this time
I'm at the knuckle but
We continue to protect the rag of unknown star pattern from the time when it was committed
If the other one is not relevant
That's all for me
However, there is a stroke of lightning breaking the master emerald
And there seems to be a mysterious monster that did not come out
Dago guy ah
I will not forgive you.
It is better to collect the master emeralds that are scattered more than that.
I watched a mysterious scene to collect the master emerald
There is a secret in this Master Emerald very much
me
Once there Nichigai is leak
pandan
It is said that there is home by hand
Feeding donkey and is in color or come of
nao
No
Up ni
Masu have Tei
Alder's Tea Store Taran
No code name building on 10
It is a robot made between doctor eggs
Dr. Eggman was dancing
Master's command is absolute
What disturbs you is red
Blue hedgehog target
The guts
Is this really good?
It really feels good with what I have to do-
tun
me
But the frog really a lifetime of over chair Ki such see you
you
It is the same fifth place that it is leisurely fishing
But if you wake up with a loud sound like you have a file, you swallow the chaos emerald
I would go to somewhere
What's up and going
A little wind to endure
Booboo
Sonic Domoyo no genius scientist what I line up like this
'S Dr. Eggman like
I saw it, this is chaos
Destroy the city using monster monsters that transform into cooperation every time you give a face emerald
Egg Man Yeah us to build a land Haa' destroyer to
Destroyer
Can I stop chaos before Sonic ?
Kureha
Shesho big adventure of glue of adventure is waiting much storage Chong
I greet
When confronting Sonic's difference Murad becomes one
Miracle is Royal Palace
Civic Tsu Ad Venture